#PHBS-BlockChain-2018
# Digital currency and modern banking system
##The question

A fundamental problem in the modern financial system is that there are government guarantees behind commercial activities. Bank deposits are the monetary assets of the general public. The provision of payment and related financial services by the banking system is an indispensable part of modern life. Other risky businesses and investments bring higher but fluctuate returns, and the combination of the two has a contradiction between public and risky businesses. 

After the financial crisis, the world began to reflect on the existing financial structure problems, and divide the boundaries of different financial services through regulations, that is, to use more pre-existing rules rather than regulatory supervision to deal with financial externalities. In the United States, after the subprime mortgage crisis, it was suggested to return to the 1933 Glass-Steagall Act to separate commercial banks from investment banks. At the same time, the narrow banks known as Chicago's claims in recent years have received attention. This is a proposal made by several professors of the University of Chicago in 1933 on banking reform. One of the key measures is to require bank deposits to have 100% security asset support.

The development of narrow banks is conducive to solving the problem of “too big to fall” in the banking industry, so that risk business is truly constrained by market discipline and reduces the procyclicality of finance. In the process of converting to the central bank's digital currency, the narrow bank's squeeze on bank credit is the risk of path dependence, but the central bank can control the rhythm of digital currency issuance to avoid a systemic impact on commercial banks. From the perspective of transitional risk management, China's commercial banking system's high deposit reserve ratio provides a limited buffer, when the central bank can reduce the deposit reserve ratio to ease the impact of issuing digital currency.

The strictest form of the narrow bank is that bank deposits have 100% deposit reserve support. In this model, bank deposits are pure money, money and credit are separated, and currency creation comes entirely from the expansion of the central bank's balance sheet, and banks are just a channel. All currencies are exogenous, or they are all base currencies. They are determined by the operation of the central bank. There is no longer the endogenous currency created by bank credit. The coinage tax is returned to the government. Commercial banks no longer enjoy the creation of credit money. Financial services such as credit, securities, and asset management are separated from narrow-minded banks. Subject to market discipline, they no longer enjoy explicit or implicit guarantees from the government. Narrowly defined banks distinguish financial common attributes from casino attributes.

However, the narrow banking model is highly controversial. In the history of currency development, no country has implemented a pure monetary system based on the central bank's standard currency, but advances in financial technology may challenge the existing financial structure, making narrow banks a reality in the future. The blockchain technology behind Bitcoin may have a subversive impact on the financial service model, and its macroscopic significance deserves high attention. Can blockchain technology bring far-reaching changes to the current financial system? Below we will analyze the economic function of the blockchain.

##Economic aspect of Blockchain

Blockchain applications are generally classified according to the industry in which the application scenario belongs, such as Goldman Sachs (2016). This paper proposes a new classification method based on blockchain application for Token usage and discusses the economic issues involved in these applications.

###The main application direction of the blockchain

The first type of application does not involve Token, and the blockchain is mainly used as a distributed database or a decentralized database. The public shared ledger function of the blockchain helps to alleviate the information asymmetry between economic activity participants and improve the efficiency of their division of labor. The main problem facing such applications is how to ensure the authenticity of the information outside the blockchain at the source and write blockchain links. Compared to the public chain, the alliance chain is more suitable for such applications. The alliance chain is only open to the authorized nodes and is jointly maintained by the authorization nodes to achieve inter-organizational consensus. The authorized nodes know each other's identity, and the evil will affect the reputation. The cost of writing false information into the blockchain is relatively high. The information written into the blockchain can also be introduced into a third-party authentication organization to verify the authenticity of the information. However, these safeguard mechanisms are mainly based on real-world constraints rather than the characteristics of the blockchain itself. Representative cases of the first type of application are the Bay Area Trade Finance Blockchain Platform of the People's Bank of China Digital Currency Research Institute and the asset securitization information disclosure platform based on blockchain technology. The second type of application uses Tokens to represent assets or rights outside the blockchain to improve the registration and transaction process of those assets or rights. But does the Token correspond to assets or rights outside the blockchain, and whether the status and transactions of the Token are binding or influential on the real world outside the blockchain, depending on whether the laws and institutions outside the blockchain give Token Beyond the connotation of the blockchain. In such applications, the application of blockchains in scenarios such as supply chain finance and digital notes is of concern. At this point, Token represents the claims of a core institution and acts as an internal settlement tool in the supply chain. Token replaces the “triangular debt” between the upstream and downstream enterprises in the supply chain with the liabilities of the core institutions for these enterprises, which can reduce capital occupation and improve capital turnover efficiency. The core institution acts like a central counterparty and is responsible for the exchange between Token and fiat currency. The Token in these scenarios is equivalent to the concept of network community token or business circle proposed by Wang Yongli (2018). The application value of Token depends on the breadth and depth of the scene.

A representative case for the second type of application is the digital ticket trading platform design. The platform designed direct liquidation on the chain according to whether or not to introduce digital currency, and designed two schemes for extra-chain clearing and direct liquidation on the chain (Xu Zhong, Yao Qian, 2016). Among them, the direct liquidation scheme on the chain can realize the registration flow transaction and the DVP (Delivery Versus Payment) settlement function of the digital ticket life cycle based on the blockchain technology. The third type of application uses Token as the unit of valuation or underlying assets, but relies on the legal framework outside the blockchain and mainstream economic contracts. But the high volatility of Token prices limits this type of application, and an important direction is the so-called stable token or stable coin. Therefore, the core issue of this type of application is how to understand the characteristics of Token-like currencies. The fourth type of application attempts to construct a distributed autonomous organization with a blockchain. Some practitioners propose that distributed autonomous organizations can replace the functions of real-world companies. There are no widely recognized success stories in this area, which are mainly subject to the following obstacles: 1. The physical performance of the public chain is not high, and it cannot support large-scale transactions; 2. The short function of smart contracts; 3. The high volatility of Token prices Limits the effectiveness of Token as a payment instrument and incentive; 4. The design of crypto economics model is unreasonable. For the first two obstacles, the first section and the third section of the second section have been discussed separately. The latter two barriers involve the characteristics of Token-like currencies and the governance functions of blockchains.

###Token characteristics of similar currencies

Token has several similar currency characteristics: 1.Token has no liability attribute; 2. Token defined by the same rule is homogeneous and can be split into smaller units; 3.Token transfer between different addresses does not need to be trusted Third-party institutions; 4. Asymmetric encryption can guarantee the anonymity of Token holders; 5. Blockchain consensus algorithm and non-tamperable features can ensure that Token will not be "double spending"; The total cap and issue speed of the Token are defined by rules. These similar currency characteristics of Token were introduced by Nakamoto (2008) and followed by other blockchain systems that satisfy the Token paradigm. The direct use of Token is as a payment tool in exchange for goods or services inside and outside the blockchain. Tokens are generally referred to as cryptocurrencies. Within the blockchain, the purpose of the cryptocurrency can be defined by rules. For example, in the Bitcoin system, Bitcoin is used to pay transaction fees to “miners”; in Ethereum, Ether is the “fuel” for running smart contracts. The payment scenario within the blockchain also involves market activity, but because the goods or services within the blockchain cannot be purchased in a fixed currency, the cryptocurrency price generally has no significant effect on this scenario. When using cryptocurrency to purchase goods or services outside the blockchain, cryptocurrency prices are an important factor. In general, cryptocurrency supply has no flexibility, lacks intrinsic value support and sovereign credit guarantees, and price fluctuations are high, unable to effectively perform monetary functions. There is a lot of literature support for this. First, about the performance of cryptocurrency as a payment instrument. Athey et al. (2016) found that as of mid-2015, most of the Bitcoin was held by investors and infrequent users, Bitcoin was used infrequently as a payment instrument, and users who used Bitcoin for illegal activities were more They tend to protect their financial privacy. Foley et al. (2018) studied the use of Bitcoin in illegal economic activities and found that 25% of Bitcoin users and 44% of Bitcoin transactions were related to illegal economic activities. As of April 2017, there were 240 million bitcoin market participants who used Bitcoin for illegal purposes. They collectively held $8 billion in bitcoin. The annual transaction volume was about 360 million, and the annual transaction amount was approximately US$72 billion (close to the market size of illicit drugs in Europe and the United States). As the mainstream society's interest in Bitcoin increases and cryptocurrencies with better anonymity such as ZCash, Dash and Monero appear, the proportion of illicit economic activity in bitcoin transactions has declined. Second, regarding the price characteristics of cryptocurrencies and possible price manipulations. Gandal et al. (2017) found that the Mt. Gox exchange (the largest Bitcoin exchange at the time) had suspicious trading activity during the two periods from February to November 2013, involving 600,000 bitcoins. These suspicious transactions played an important role in boosting bitcoin prices from $150 to $1,000 in two months. Griffin and Shams (2018) studied the impact of USDT (a stable cryptocurrency issued by Tether on a 100% dollar reserve) on Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies and found that USDT was used to manipulate the price of cryptocurrency. During the period March 2017-20 March 2017, the author identified 87 hours. These 87 hours have a large number of USDTs issued and used to purchase cryptocurrency, and these large transactions occurred after the cryptocurrency market plummeted. After these large transactions, the cryptocurrency market reversed sharply. The authors found that these 87 hours corresponded to a 50% increase in Bitcoin's research interval (ie March 2017-2018) and a 64% increase in the other six large cryptocurrencies. Bianchi (2018) analyzed the transaction data of 14 major cryptocurrencies between April 2016 and September 2017, and found that there is no significant relationship between the yield of cryptocurrency and the yield of traditional financial assets such as stocks and bonds. There is no volatility spillover effect between cryptocurrency and traditional financial assets, and the volume of cryptocurrency transactions is mainly driven by historical rate of return and market uncertainty (measured by the Chicago Board Options Exchange Market Volatility Index VIX). The volatility of cryptocurrency prices is too high, and it is difficult to suppress price volatility by introducing cryptocurrency futures. Many practitioners have tried to stabilize cryptocurrency. At present, the stable cryptocurrency schemes introduced by companies such as Tether, Gemini and Circle have adopted the method of issuing steadily cryptocurrency in the legal currency as a reserve of 1:1, which is equivalent to the currency board system. Other stable cryptocurrency schemes adopt the so-called "algorithmic central bank" model, which imitates the central bank's open market operations, and regulates the supply of cryptocurrencies by issuing and recycling bonds denominated in cryptocurrency to achieve cryptocurrency prices stable. Eichengreen (2018) pointed out that the "algorithm central bank" is difficult to resist speculative attacks. Since the bond denominated in cryptocurrency will have a significant discount when the attack occurs, the effect of repaying the cryptocurrency to support the cryptocurrency price by issuing such a bond will be significantly reduced, so the “algorithm central bank” has inherent instability. It should be pointed out that the central bank digital currency ( CBDC) is essentially different from the stable cryptocurrency. The central bank's digital currency has a liability attribute, which is a form of electronic money issued directly by the central bank to financial institutions and the public. It is a form of legal currency and does not necessarily take the form of a token in the blockchain.

The focus of cryptocurrency regulation is on the exchange of cryptocurrency and fiat currency. One of the important issues is anti-money laundering. Encrypted currency money laundering refers to the anonymity and global nature of the application of cryptocurrency, making the source and nature of illegal income difficult to trace. The money laundering of cryptocurrency is divided into three parts: 1. Placement, which converts the legal currency that is illegally obtained into cryptocurrency. Some cryptocurrency exchanges do not adopt a real-name system, which will bring great convenience to the placement. 2. Layering, using techniques such as mixers, coinjoin and tumblers, and the anonymity of addresses within the blockchain to transfer cryptocurrencies between multiple addresses, The source is difficult to trace. 3. Integration, the "clean" cryptocurrency is integrated and transferred to a "clean" address, which is then converted into fiat currency or merchandise. The cryptocurrency represented by ZCash, Dash and Monero uses anonymous knowledge such as zero-knowledge proof and ring signature, which increases the difficulty of anti-money laundering. In addition, cryptocurrencies are circulated globally. Different countries or regions have different regulatory standards for cryptocurrencies, and information is difficult to share, which will increase the difficulty of anti-money laundering.

###Blockchain governance functions

Blockchain can support some governance mechanisms that are different from traditional ones. For example, for a distributed autonomous organization, there is no traditional balance sheet, and there is no stock representing the shareholders' equity. However, certain tokens can be given the right to income and governance through smart contracts, in which the income rights pass dividends and returns. The acquisition method is realized, and the governance right is realized by participating in the governance vote. This type of equity Token can also have functional attributes, representing the so-called platform coins issued by some cryptocurrency exchanges. The platform currency holder can use the platform currency to pay the transaction fee to the encrypted currency exchange, and sometimes enjoy the discounted transaction fee. The platform currency gives its holders the right to participate in the cryptocurrency exchange by voting. The cryptocurrency exchange promises to regularly produce a certain percentage of profits, buy back the platform currency and destroy it. The equity-type Token is significantly different from the company's stock. But there are some shortcomings in the blockchain that cannot be ignored. First, the impact of Token price volatility on Token-based incentives. In the public chain consensus algorithm (especially POS type), distributed autonomous organizations and side chain projects, there are a lot of elaborate mechanism design, using Token to stimulate the behavior of the blockchain related participants to the expected goal. If the Token has secondary market transactions and the price volatility is high, even if these mechanisms are designed to be incentive compatible within the blockchain, the behavior of the blockchain-related participants may deviate from the expected goal. For example, many mechanism designs require the Token holder to lock their Token for a period of time and give the Token holder a certain amount of Token reward. Locking the Token is equivalent to giving up the right to sell Token in the secondary market rallies (essentially a lookback option with floating strike). If the Token price volatility is high, the option valuation will be high, meaning that the Token holder needs to be highly rewarded to motivate them to lock the token. Second, the shortcomings of smart contracts make it difficult to migrate some of the commonly used governance mechanisms in the real world to blockchain scenarios. First, it is difficult to construct financial instruments such as loans, bonds, and derivatives based on smart contracts within the blockchain, and these financial instruments have important governance functions. Because there are no liabilities, distributed autonomous organizations do not have bankruptcy problems (although their active users, economic activity, and price of issuing Tokens can be zero), their sponsors and operators will not be like company owners and managers. Faced with constraints from creditors. For distributed autonomous organizations, it is also impossible to introduce terms such as debt-for-equity swaps and priority liquidation. Secondly, the gambling clause is one of the important means to protect the rights and interests of investors. It is an agreement between the investment and financing parties on the uncertain future (mainly reflected in the performance of the financing party). However, because of the lack of decentralized predictive machines, it is difficult to credibly write performance information outside the blockchain into the blockchain, and it is difficult to implement the gambling clause with smart contracts. Third, Token's rapid liquidation mechanism affects the binding of interests between the investment and financing sides of the blockchain project. In reality, many investment and financing terms are based on the fact that equity cannot be transferred. The illiquidity of equity binds the interests of both the investment and the financing, motivating them to work together until their shares are listed and their shares can be liquidated.

In contrast, blockchain project Tokens have much lower standards for listing on cryptocurrency exchanges. While many blockchain projects are still in the white paper stage, Tokens held by early investors and project teams can be realized through cryptocurrency exchanges, and their motivation to do projects carefully after Token's liquidation may be significantly weakened. In many blockchain projects, because Token holders have a vague position in project governance, Token's rapid liquidation mechanism is not conducive to the binding of interests between investment and financing. Benedetti and Dostoevsky (2018) measured the activity of the ICO project's Twitter account, and only 44.2% of the ICO projects were active 120 days after the ICO. Token's rapid liquidation mechanism is also one of the important sources of speculation, speculation and even fraudulent activities related to ICO. Fourth, the combination of on-chain governance and off-chain governance. Intra-chain governance is characterized by address anonymity, de-trusted environment, and intelligent contract execution. Out-of-chain governance is characterized by real identity, integrity records, trust and reputation formed by repeated games, informal social capital and social punishment, and formal legal protection. The effective combination of the two types of governance is a complex issue that needs further study.

###Performance and security of the blockchain system

Some scholars have made valuable research on the performance and security of blockchain systems from an economic perspective. First, regarding the “ternary paradox” of blockchains, that is, no blockchain system can simultaneously have three characteristics of accuracy, decentralization and cost efficiency. Theoretical analysis by Abadi and Brunnermeier (2018) shows that centralized accounts are accurate and cost-effective, and that maintainers can obtain monopoly rents, which motivate them to accurately book. The distributed ledger gives the billing node rewards to motivate them to accurately book, but the POW picks the billing node at the expense of cost efficiency. The transferability of information between blockchain forks and the competition between “miners” can lead to “bifurcation competition”. "Bifurcation competition" helps to eliminate the monopoly rent enjoyed by a single blockchain system, but it can also bring instability and inconsistency. Second, the pros and cons of POW. The POW represented by Bitcoin is still the dominant consensus algorithm in the blockchain. The security stability of POS has not been tested for a long time like POW. Biais et al. (2018) believe that in the public chain based on POW, with the increase in the total value of “mining”, the difficulty of “mining” will be raised, and the investment of a single “miner” on computing power will constitute the other “ The negative externalities of the miners. This will lead to an "arms race" of "mining" computing power and cause excessive investment in the field of "mining". The theoretical analysis of Ma et al. (2018) found that the freely accessible arrangement of Bitcoin “miners” is the main determinant of bitcoin “mining” consumption of resources, and the “mining” difficulty adjustment embedded in Bitcoin algorithm. The mechanism has little effect on the “mining” consumption of resources. Third, the economics of POW “mining”, especially the factors affecting the transaction rate. Houy (2014) theoretically studied the economic issues faced by Bitcoin “miners” in packaging transactions. On the one hand, the more transactions that are packaged, the more likely the “miners” will be charged. On the one hand, the more packaged transactions, the larger the block, the longer it takes for the block to propagate in the distributed network and become the blockchain consensus, the more likely it is to become a “lone block”. The game analysis of the two “miners” found that under certain parameter assumptions, both miners dug “empty blocks” (that is, they do not package any transactions) and can become a game equilibrium. The response is to increase the manual rate. Huberman e t a l . (2017) studied the impact of the physical properties of the Bitcoin system on users and “miners”. Users want their transactions to be processed as quickly as possible. In the case of limited physical performance, the transaction rate will be increased to attract "miners" to prioritize their own transactions. The “miners”, under economic incentives, also have the incentive to maintain the infrastructure of the Bitcoin system. Therefore, limited physical performance is an important safeguard for Bitcoin systems to maintain operation in a decentralized environment. Easley et al. (2018) An empirical analysis of the 2011-2016 Bitcoin system found that the bitcoin system is more congested (measured by the bitcoin memory pool size and the average wait time before the transaction is written to the blockchain), transaction fees The smaller the probability that a transaction with a rate of 0 is written to the blockchain, the higher the average rate of transactions written to the blockchain. Fourth, on the economic security boundary of the blockchain. Budish (2018) studied the security of the POW-based public chain represented by Bitcoin from the perspective of attack, and proposed several economic incentives to improve security. The author believes that the higher the economic importance of such blockchains (for example, the bitcoin market value is close to gold), the higher the possibility of malicious attacks, so it is skeptical and cautious about the large-scale application of the public chain. Businesses and governments have cheaper technologies in terms of data security than public chains.

## Conclusions

The current payment system is a centralized management mechanism. Individuals and businesses obtain payment system services through deposits at banks. Payments between different customers of the same bank are completed by transfer on the bank's account, and the central bank completes the final settlement at the top of the payment system. In order to maintain the stability of the payment system, the central bank regulates commercial banks and provides liquidity support and other forms of explicit or implicit guarantees for the banking system.

The price of enjoying the government safety net is to be supervised. The regulation brings the access restrictions of the banking industry, and gives the institutions holding the banking license certain pricing rights for monopoly products and services. Under such a framework, the banking industry has economies of scale and scope, that is, the larger the scale and the more diversified the business, the more competitive it is, and the more important it is to enjoy the government guarantee after becoming a systemic institution that is “big but not down”. Implied public resource subsidies. Financial institutions are pursuing mixed operations and growth, making public banks and casino banks linked, which is the source of financial instability. Therefore, countries are now studying the possibility of applying blockchain technology in the financial field.

This paper mainly analyzes the function of the blockchain from the perspective of economics, and summarizes the “Token paradigm” adopted by the current mainstream blockchain system from the perspectives of Token, smart contract and consensus algorithm, and gives economic explanation. Token is a state variable defined within a blockchain and has several currency-like characteristics. Token transactions within the blockchain do not rely on trusted third-party organizations, but such a trust-free environment within the blockchain cannot extend beyond the blockchain. Once the native scenes such as Token transactions are removed, the blockchain must solve the real-life trust problem and often need to introduce a trusted central mechanism outside the blockchain to assist.
